Idea experimental fetures (#1536)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-www: website/two-column-pages/docs/learn/tools-ides.md

## Compatibility

> Ballerina Language Specification supports a set of experimental features such as the *_transactions_* syntax. In order to be compatible with the experimental features and for supporting language intelligence in VSCode Plugin, enable the `Allow Experimental` option in user settings. For IntelliJ IdEA, go to `Preferences | Languages & Frameworks | Ballerina | Experimental Features` and select `Allow ballerina experimental features`.

Reviewer: Does the IDE plugin say "Allow ballerina experimental features"?
Then it should be corrected there to say "Allow Ballerina experimental features". If not, here it should be updated as "ballerina" -> "Ballerina"

Author: <img width="503" alt="Screen Shot 2019-09-09 at 3 02 12 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1496990/64520058-f54f5580-d312-11e9-9d29-23e50d1230eb.png">

> Ballerina Language Specification supports a set of experimental features such as *_transactions_* syntax. In order to be compatible with the experimental features and for supporting language intelligence in VSCode Plugin, enable the `Allow Experimental` option in user settings. And for Intellij Idea, goto `Preferences | Languages & Frameworks | Ballerina | Experimental Features` and tick the `Allow ballerina experimental features` check box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ballerina Language Specification supports a set of experimental features such as the *_transactions_* syntax. In order to be compatible with the experimental features and for supporting language intelligence in VSCode Plugin, enable the `Allow Experimental` option in user settings. For IntelliJ IdEA, go to `Preferences | Languages & Frameworks | Ballerina | Experimental Features` and select `Allow ballerina experimental features.
```
